theory:-
What is NLP?
Natural language processing (NLP) is the ability of a computer program to understand human language as it is spoken and written 

What is Word embedding related to NLP ?
Word embedding in NLP is an important term that is used for representing words for text analysis in the form of real-valued vectors.
It is an advancement in NLP that has improved the ability of computers to understand text-based content in a better way.

Explain Word2Vec techniques.
Word2Vec is a method to construct such an embedding.
It can be obtained using two methods (both involving Neural Networks): Skip Gram and Common Bag Of Words (CBOW) CBOW Model:
This method takes the context of each word as the input and tries to predict the word corresponding to the context.

Continuous Bag of Words Model (CBOW) and Skip-gram
In the CBOW model, the distributed representations of context (or surrounding words) are combined to predict the word in the middle .
While in the Skip-gram model, the distributed representation of the input word is used to predict the context 
Steps/ Algorithm
1. Dataset link and libraries :
Create any English 5 to 10 sententece paragraph 
a) Import following libraries gemsim and numpy set i.e. text file created . It 
should bepreprocessed.
b) Tokenize the every word from the paragraph . You can call in built tokenizer
present inGensim
c) Fit the data to tokenizer
d) Find total no of words and total no of sentences.
e) Generate the pairs of Context words and target words :
e.g. cbow_model
f) Create Neural Network model with following parameters . Model type : sequential
Layers : Dense , Lambda , embedding
g) Create vector file of some word for 
testinge.g.:dimensions=100
h) Assign weights to your trained model
e.g. weights = model.get_weights()[0]
i) Use the vectors created in Gemsim :

Conclusion: In this experiment, we saw what a CBOW model is and how it works. We also 
implemented the model on a custom dataset and got good output. We learnt what word embeddings 
are and how CBOW is useful. These can be used for text recognition, speech to text conversion etc