Objective: 
1. To be able to apply deep learning algorithms to solve problems of moderate complexity
2. Understand how a model is trained and evaluated.
3. Classifying images from the image dataset.
4. Our main goal is to train a neural network (using Keras) to obtain > 90% accuracy on image 
dataset..
5. To apply the algorithms to a real-world problem, optimize the models learned and report on 
the expected accuracy that can be achieved by applying the models

Outcomes: At the end of the assignment the students should able
1. Learn and Use various Deep Learning tools and packages.
2. Build and train a deep Neural Network models for use in various applications.
3. Apply Deep Learning techniques like CNN, RNN Auto encoders to solve real word 
Problems. 
4. Evaluate the performance of the model build using Deep Learning.

Theory:
Deep Learning has been proved that its a very powerful tool due to its ability to handle huge amounts of 
data. The use of hidden layers exceeds traditional techniques, especially for pattern recognition. One of the 
most popular Deep Neural Networks is Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN).

A convolutional neural network (CNN) is a type of Artificial Neural Network (ANN) used in image 
recognition and processing which is specially designed for processing data (pixels). The goal of a CNN is 
to learn higher-order features in the data via convolutions

With CNNs, we can arrange the neurons in a three-dimensional structure for 
which we have the following:
Width
Height
Depth
These attributes of the input match up to an image structure for which we have:
Image width in pixels
Image height in pixels
RGB channels as the depth

CNN Architecture Overview:
CNNs transform the input data from the input layer through all connected layers into a set of class scores 
given by the output layer.

1. Input layer
The input layer accepts three-dimensional input generally in the form spatially of the size (width × height) 
of the image and has a depth representing the color channels (generally three for RGB color channels)

2. Feature-extraction (learning) layers
We express the Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU) activation function as a layer in the diagram in figure 1. 
Convolutional layers transform the input data by using a patch of locally connecting neurons from the 
previous layer.

A. Pooling layer
These layers find a number of features in the images and progressively construct higher-order features. This 
corresponds directly to the ongoing theme in deep learning by which features are automatically learned as 
opposed to traditionally hand engineered.

3. Classification layers
Finally we have the classification layers in which we have one or more fully connected layers to take the 
higher-order features and produce class probabilities or scores.

Multilayer neural networks vs CNN:

In traditional multilayer neural networks, the layers are fully connected and every neuron in a layer is 
connected to every neuron in the next layer whereas The neurons in the layers of a CNN are arranged in 
three dimensions to match the input volumes.
Input Layers
Input layers are where we load and store the raw input data of the image for processing in the network. This 
input data specifies the width, height, and number of channels. Typically, the number of channels is three, 
for the RGB values for each pixel.

Convolutional Layers
Convolutional layers are considered the core building blocks of CNN architectures. As Figure 2 illustrates, 
convolutional layers transform the input data by using a patch of locally connecting neurons from the 
previous layer. The layer will compute a dot product between the region of the neurons in the input layer 
and the weights to which they are locally connected in the output layer
"Convolution Operation involves matrix arithmetic operations and every image is represented in the form of 
an array of values(pixels)."